this is what brought to your
son's birthday party is when you
have a birthday party at the
museum we gotta do and take you
places you have been before you
feel that how does this mean
heavy again the Academy Awards
higher compared so we're made of
Stardust right yes it is this
this is part of me
forged in the heart of a dying
star yes and this is this is
mostly iron hand so it is likely
that the very same star that
created this iron created the
end it's in this as well as the
iron in your blood
I find that really cool you have
a kinship yeah it's deep as well
so meteorites a reminder for us
the earth moves in a shooting
gallery that's my first thought
when I think of meteorites cuz
we get it by them but also
there's a colleague of mine who
did a calculation and it turns
out that if you add up all the
iron in the hemoglobin of all
the residents of the New York
metropolitan area it's about the
same amount of iron as we have
in that meteorite so just even
thought to calculate that that
was cool and so it's a little
reminder scientific reminder
that we are Stardust and we've
come from the same points of
origins so I'm impressed that
she was impressed by that cuz
she prompted that memory within
me for me to bring out the
meteorite and Emily would you
would you agree that this is a
powerful is a powerful stuff
kinda thinkin made this famous
we r star stuff to think about
it is one thing but to hold it
and she like went down a little
bit you can see that on the clip
because it's so because it we're
used to earth rocks which also
have magnesium and silicon
things in them but this is
ironed thanks to the middle of
an asteroid way back in the day
and so it's way heavier than we
would expect for an earth rock
and so people take it and don't
expect it to be so have
to hold you look like wait a bit
more than they look i've got big
boned this has been a big boned
so